docs: update README.md (#497)
SAP/vscode-webview-rpc-lib: README.md

rpc.registerMethod({func: add});
```
### Usage

> To invoke a method use the *invoke* method on the rpc instance. You can pass a callback that will be invoked once the repsonse recieved.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To invoke a method use the *invoke* method on the rpc instance. You can pass a callback that will be invoked once the response received.\
```
